Fix E2E docs and reconcile guidance (#584)
navapbc/oscer: docs/reporting-app/auth.md

- Custom pages are built for the AWS Cognito flows (login, signup, forgot password, etc.). We aren't using the hosted UI that Cognito provides since we need more control over the UI and content.
- [Devise](https://www.rubydoc.info/github/heartcombo/devise/main) and [Warden](https://github.com/wardencommunity/warden/wiki) facilitate auth and session management

The application switches between two auth adapters via the `AUTH_ADAPTER` environment variable: `cognito` for production and any flow that needs real verification emails, `mock` for local development and most tests.

### Cognito Adapter (production, E2E)

> The Cognito adapter is the production path. Use it locally when you need real Cognito flows, most notably during E2E tests. Mock auth does not deliver real verification emails. To run the full E2E suite locally you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cognito adapter is the production path. Use it locally when you need real Cognito flows, most notably during E2E tests. Mock auth does not deliver real verification emails. To use the cognito adapter locally you must:
```

Author: Good call, I like the precision!

When running in test environments (or `dev` with `AUTH_ADAPTER=mock`), the application uses a mock authentication adapter to simulate interactions with an external auth provider. This allows you to test various authentication flows and error states without needing real external infrastructure.

> An important exception is local E2E runs. `AUTH_ADAPTER=mock` will reach registration but hang at the email-verification step, because mock auth does not deliver real verification emails. To run the full E2E suite locally you must:

Reviewer: I think this should be a new section on using the cognito adapter.

Author: Split into its own `### Cognito Adapter (production, E2E)` section under Authentication in abe7493, with the existing mock-adapter notes now living in a sibling `### Mock Adapter (development, test)` section.

1. Have an AWS account with a provisioned IAM user that can read the Cognito user pool.

> 2. Have the AWS CLI installed and configured locally (`aws configure`).

Reviewer: I also had to add my credentials to the .env file, so I needed to also run `aws login`

```suggestion
2. Have the AWS CLI installed, configured, (`aws configure`), and authenticated (`aws login`). Use the information in ~/.aws/config and ~/.aws/credentials to set the following in `reporting-app/.env`:

- AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
- AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
- AWS_DEFAULT_REGION
```

Author: The AWS env vars and `aws login` reference landed in ccda141 and are preserved in the new Cognito Adapter section as of abe7493 (steps 2 and 3).
